HOW TO USE THE STANDARD MODEL FILES
------------------------------------------------------

In RobotC, motor and sensor confiuration must be done at the top of every program.
A standard model allows you to create one file that all your programs will draw 
from. When using a standard model, if you wish to change your motor or sensor layout,
you must only change one file; without a standard model, you would have to edit every
single program that you have created.

A standard model has three parts: a C source file with the definition of the con-
figuration that you want for your robot; an RTF text document with a short description
of the parts of your configuration; and finally, a JPG image to display as a thumbnail,
which shows a small picture or drawing of your standard model configuration.

Standard model files are kept in RobotC's program files on your PC. To access them,
navigate to this locaiton on your computer:
	C:\Program Files (x86)\Robomatter Inc\ROBOTC Development Environment\MotorAndSensorModels\Tetrix
This folder contains all the standard models available to you when you are using the
TETRIX framework.

To update an existing standard model, follow these instructions. Since the standard
models are kept in the Program Files folder, which is a protected folder on your PC,
it will take a few extra steps to be able to edit those files.

1. 	First of all, you will not be able to edit standard models if you are not an 
	Administrator on your PC. Make sure you have Admin access before you continue.
2.	Create copies of you standard model files somewhere else on your computer. I
	recommend keeping them near your other source files.
3.	Create the C source file. This should look familiar to you; it has the same
	layout as the group of #pragma definitions at the top of every RobotC program.
	To generate one, go to Robot->Motors and Sensors Setup, or right click an 
	existing motor and sensor definition and click Edit Motors and Sensors
	Definition. Either way, use the built-in utility to edit the motors and sensors
	setup to the configuration you want.
4.	Create an RTF (Rich Text Format) document with a small description of your
	configuration. You can create an RTF document in any word proccessing program.
5.	Copy the C source file, the RTF file, and the JPG image into the folder shown
	above.
6.	You must restart RobotC for the changes to be recognized.
7.	Back in RobotC, go back to the Motors and Sensors Setup window, and go to the
	Standard Models tab, and select your standard model from the list. Click Apply,
	and you standard model will be applied.

